# Expense Tracker

## Introduction
This is a simple React application designed to track expenses. The project showcases some of the fundamental features of React.

## Features
- **Components**: The app is built using reusable components.
- **Handling user events**: User interactions are handled efficiently.
- **State management**: State navigation and updates are managed seamlessly.
- **Dynamic UI**: Renders and updates dynamic UI content, including lists and optional elements (App and ExpensesList).
- **Form handling**: Implements basic form handling without fields validation.

## Design
The current design is rudimentary, and improvements may be made in the future.

## Future Enhancements
As I grow my skills, I plan to:
- Improve the current design.
- Add more features and functionalities.
- Apply these skills in future projects.

## Installation and Usage
To run this application locally:
1. Clone the repository.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Run `npm start` to start the development server.

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions or improvements, feel free to create a pull request.

## License
This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.




# Initial comment generated by Vite

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
})
```

- Replace `tseslint.configs.recommended` to `tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked` or `tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked`
- Optionally add `...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and update the config:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import react from 'eslint-plugin-react'

export default tseslint.config({
  // Set the react version
  settings: { react: { version: '18.3' } },
  plugins: {
    // Add the react plugin
    react,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended rules
    ...react.configs.recommended.rules,
    ...react.configs['jsx-runtime'].rules,
  },
})
```
